Document which requests are restricted in DNR (#26189)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/declarativenetrequest/index.md

To use this API, an extension must request the `"declarativeNetRequest"` or `"declarativeNetRequestWithHostAccess"` [permissions](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions) in its [`manifest.json`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json) file.

> The `"declarativeNetRequest"` permission allows extensions to block and upgrade requests without any [host permissions](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions#host_permissions). Host permissions are required if the extension wants to redirect a request or modify headers on a request, or when the `"declarativeNetRequestWithHostAccess"` permission is used instead of the `"declarativeNetRequest"` permission. To act on requests in these cases, host permissions are required for the request URL. For all requests except for navigation requests (i.e. resource type `main_frame` and `sub_frame`), host permissions are also required for the initiator of the request. The initiator of a request is usually the document or worker that triggered the request.

Reviewer: `The initiator of a request is usually the document or worker` is likely going to raise for the reader the question `what would be cases where it wouldn't be?`. May be worth spelling at least one where the initiator doesn't match the document nor the worker?

Author: Such cases are system requests (these are filtered so not relevant in this article), extension API requests (e.g. the cases listed at https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1825824), MV2 content scripts requests (no initiator due to the ExpandedPrincipal).

I refrained from documenting these since these are likely implementation-dependent and I haven't tested it yet.

> The `"declarativeNetRequest"` permission allows extensions to block and upgrade requests without any [host permissions](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions#host_permissions). Host permissions are required if the extension wants to redirect a request or modify headers on a request, or when the `"declarativeNetRequestWithHostAccess"` permission is used instead of the `"declarativeNetRequest"` permission. To act on requests in these cases, host permissions are required for the request URL. For all requests except for navigation requests (i.e. resource type `main_frame` and `sub_frame`), host permissions are also required for the initiator of the request. The initiator of a request is usually the document or worker that triggered the request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `"declarativeNetRequest"` permission allows extensions to block and upgrade requests without any [host permissions](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions#host_permissions). Host permissions are required if the extension wants to redirect requests or modify headers on requests or when the `"declarativeNetRequestWithHostAccess"` permission is used instead of the `"declarativeNetRequest"` permission. To act on requests in these cases, host permissions are required for the request URL. For all requests, except for navigation requests (i.e., resource type `main_frame` and `sub_frame`), host permissions are also required for the request's initiator. The initiator of a request is usually the document or worker that triggered the request.
```

> Some requests are restricted and cannot be matched by extensions. That includes privileged browser requests, requests to or from [restricted domains](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_scripts#restricted_domains), and requests from other extensions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some requests are restricted and cannot be matched by extensions. These include privileged browser requests, requests to or from [restricted domains](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_scripts#restricted_domains), and requests from other extensions.
```
